that style but then when you conquer
that style and you're good it being you
say that's nothing watch this partly
because of a breakdance cameo in
paramount's Flashdance street dancing
has become a hot trend
this exposure allows some groups to cash
in on their talents but basically four
different styles of dancing there's
popping locking punking and breaking
popping is basically a constant
tightening of the muscles okay to the
beat of the music locking style another
form of dance has to do it a lot of
extension another street style keen
comedians to dance to challenge to
confront I know the dancer but it also
means another style of dance which New
York has made popular which is the
ground moves I've seen a lot of X gang
members become street dancers because
they're tired of busting heads all the
time I get in front of people and dads
were up on the stage I
like I'm not myself anymore ideas
because something else like I'm like I'm
an animated cartoon when I heard that
music on since I let me do it do it
something gets in my body
feeling that you get you have to
block yep Pop's feeling
I got the dads when you hear the beat
yeah the movements because you feel fine
I do it one favorite breaking spot is on
Hollywood Boulevard near Highland with
rakers regular to get together to match
their style
just like being in the fight because you
have to show what you have and you have
a little bit of punch to it for us and
you get boring
whether the winner is decided in a break
from simple is bike ride approval
because you know when you're getting the
crowd going if that must be doing
something hot or the other group
definitely says all your Styles harder
I always like to have a real strong
competition because I didn't mean to
once you perform better and if I would
and they feel a lot better and it looks
confident if you can beat these people
confidence you get confidence that's
what you're winning